Add WAF Bundle example (#3656)
nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress: docs/content/installation/installation-with-manifests.md

   $ kubectl apply -f common/crds/appprotect.f5.com_appolicies.yaml
   $ kubectl apply -f common/crds/appprotect.f5.com_apusersigs.yaml
   ```

> > Skip steps above if you are using `AppProtect` with policy bundles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Skip steps above if you are using App Protect WAF module with policy bundles.
```

> > Skip steps above if you are using App Protect WAF module with policy bundles.

Reviewer 2: I think it would be better for this note to be mentioned before these steps instead of after. It's possible a user will apply these CRDs and then read this note after the fact.

So in this case, we can move this to L96 and change it to this:

```suggestion
> **Note** This step can be skipped if you are using App Protect WAF module with policy bundles.
```

> > **Note** This step can be skipped if you are using App Protect WAF module with policy bundles.

Reviewer 2: This line still needs to be moved up to Line 96 so that it is presented to the user before hand. Right now it is placed below the `kunectl` commands and it is likely that the user run the commands and then read the note after.
